Review section for DataForm control. (#611)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/dataform/commit-data.md

## Commit modes

The selected mode is applied through `CommitMode`(of type`Telerik.Maui.Controls.DataFormCommitMode`) property of the DataForm control. You can choose between three commit modes:

* `Explicit`&mdash;The changes are committed explicitly by invoking the `CommitCommand` or calling the `CommitChanges` method of the DataForm.
* `LostFocus`&mdash;The changes are committed after the editor loses focus.
* `PropertyChanged`&mdash;The changes in the editor are committed immediately on each property change (when the property value changes).

> >important When `CommitMode` is on `LostFocus`, you have to set `ValidatonMode` to `LostFocus` or `Explicit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>important When the selected `CommitMode` is `LostFocus`, you have to set `ValidatonMode` to `LostFocus` or `Explicit`.
```

## Properties

> * `HasPendingChanges`(`bool`)&mdash;Gets a value indicating whether it has pending changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `HasPendingChanges`(`bool`)&mdash;Gets a value indicating whether any changes are pending.
```

<snippet id='dataform-commit-mode'/>

## Manual Commit with Methods

DataForm exposes a `CommitChanges` method with two overloads:

> * `CommitChanges()`&mdash;Commits all pending changes in the RadDataForm to the underlying business object. This method is useful when the `CommitMode` is `Explicit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CommitChanges()`&mdash;Commits all pending changes in the `RadDataForm` to the underlying business object. This method is useful when the `CommitMode` is `Explicit`.
```

The method returns `true` if the validation passes, otherwise `false`.

<snippet id='dataform-commit-changes'/>

* `CommitChanges(string propertyName)`&mdash;Commit the pending changes in the editor for the specified property. This method is useful when the DataForm `CommitMode` property is `Explicit`. `True` if the validation passes, `false` otherwise.

<snippet id='dataform-commit-changes-on-property'/>

**DataForm exposes a `CancleChanges` method with two overloads:**

> * `CancelChanges`&mdash;Cancels all pending changes in the RadDataForm and reverts to the original values from the underlying business object. This method is useful when the `CommitMode` property is `Explicit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CancelChanges`&mdash;Cancels all pending changes in the `RadDataForm` and reverts to the original values from the underlying business object. This method is useful when the `CommitMode` property is `Explicit`.
```

```C#
this.dataForm.CancelChanges();
```

* `CancelChanges(string propertyName)`&mdash;Cancels the pending changes in the editor for the specified property. This method is useful when the DataForm `CommitMode` property is `Explicit`.

<snippet id='dataform-cancelchanges-on-property'/>

## Commands

* `CommitCommand`(`ICommand`)&mdash;Gets a command to a command to commit all pending changes in the RadDataForm. This command is useful when the DataForm `CommitMode` property is `Explicit`.

> * `CancelCommand`(`ICommand`)&mdash;Gets a command to cancel all pending changes in the RadDataForm. This command is useful when the DataForm `CommitMode` property is `Explicit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CancelCommand`(`ICommand`)&mdash;Gets a command to cancel all pending changes in the `RadDataForm`. This command is useful when the DataForm `CommitMode` property is `Explicit`.
```
